# PaymentsResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**payment_id** | Option<**String**> | Unique identifier for the payment. This ensures idempotency for multiple payments that have been done by a single merchant. | [optional]
**merchant_id** | Option<**String**> | This is an identifier for the merchant account. This is inferred from the API key provided during the request | [optional]
**status** | [**crate::models::IntentStatus**](IntentStatus.md) |  | 
**amount** | **i64** | The payment amount. Amount for the payment in lowest denomination of the currency. (i.e) in cents for USD denomination, in paisa for INR denomination etc., | 
**amount_capturable** | Option<**i64**> | The maximum amount that could be captured from the payment | [optional]
**amount_received** | Option<**i64**> | The amount which is already captured from the payment | [optional]
**connector** | Option<**String**> | The connector used for the payment | [optional]
**client_secret** | Option<**String**> | It's a token used for client side verification. | [optional]
**created** | Option<**String**> | Time when the payment was created | [optional]
**currency** | [**crate::models::Currency**](Currency.md) |  | 
**customer_id** | Option<**String**> | The identifier for the customer object. If not provided the customer ID will be autogenerated. | [optional]
**description** | Option<**String**> | A description of the payment | [optional]
**refunds** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::RefundResponse>**](RefundResponse.md)> | List of refund that happened on this intent | [optional]
**disputes** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::DisputeResponsePaymentsRetrieve>**](DisputeResponsePaymentsRetrieve.md)> | List of dispute that happened on this intent | [optional]
**mandate_id** | Option<**String**> | A unique identifier to link the payment to a mandate, can be use instead of payment_method_data | [optional]
**mandate_data** | Option<[**crate::models::MandateData**](MandateData.md)> |  | [optional]
**setup_future_usage** | Option<[**crate::models::FutureUsage**](FutureUsage.md)> |  | [optional]
**off_session** | Option<**bool**> | Set to true to indicate that the customer is not in your checkout flow during this payment, and therefore is unable to authenticate. This parameter is intended for scenarios where you collect card details and charge them later. This parameter can only be used with confirm=true. | [optional]
**capture_on** | Option<**String**> | A timestamp (ISO 8601 code) that determines when the payment should be captured. Providing this field will automatically set `capture` to true | [optional]
**capture_method** | Option<[**crate::models::CaptureMethod**](CaptureMethod.md)> |  | [optional]
**payment_method** | [**crate::models::PaymentMethodType**](PaymentMethodType.md) |  | 
**payment_method_data** | Option<[**crate::models::PaymentMethod**](PaymentMethod.md)> |  | [optional]
**payment_token** | Option<**String**> | Provide a reference to a stored payment method | [optional]
**shipping** | Option<[**crate::models::Address**](Address.md)> |  | [optional]
**billing** | Option<[**crate::models::Address**](Address.md)> |  | [optional]
**order_details** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::OrderDetailsWithAmount>**](OrderDetailsWithAmount.md)> | Information about the product , quantity and amount for connectors. (e.g. Klarna) | [optional]
**email** | Option<**String**> | description: The customer's email address | [optional]
**name** | Option<**String**> | description: The customer's name | [optional]
**phone** | Option<**String**> | The customer's phone number | [optional]
**return_url** | Option<**String**> | The URL to redirect after the completion of the operation | [optional]
**authentication_type** | Option<[**crate::models::AuthenticationType**](AuthenticationType.md)> |  | [optional]
**statement_descriptor_name** | Option<**String**> | For non-card charges, you can use this value as the complete description that appears on your customers’ statements. Must contain at least one letter, maximum 22 characters. | [optional]
**statement_descriptor_suffix** | Option<**String**> | Provides information about a card payment that customers see on their statements. Concatenated with the prefix (shortened descriptor) or statement descriptor that’s set on the account to form the complete statement descriptor. Maximum 255 characters for the concatenated descriptor. | [optional]
**next_action** | Option<[**crate::models::NextActionData**](NextActionData.md)> |  | [optional]
**cancellation_reason** | Option<**String**> | If the payment was cancelled the reason provided here | [optional]
**error_code** | Option<**String**> | If there was an error while calling the connectors the code is received here | [optional]
**error_message** | Option<**String**> | If there was an error while calling the connector the error message is received here | [optional]
**payment_experience** | Option<[**crate::models::PaymentExperience**](PaymentExperience.md)> |  | [optional]
**payment_method_type** | Option<[**crate::models::PaymentMethodType**](PaymentMethodType.md)> |  | [optional]
**connector_label** | Option<**String**> | The connector used for this payment along with the country and business details | [optional]
**business_country** | [**crate::models::CountryAlpha2**](CountryAlpha2.md) |  | 
**business_label** | **String** | The business label of merchant for this payment | 
**business_sub_label** | Option<**String**> | The business_sub_label for this payment | [optional]
**allowed_payment_method_types** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::PaymentMethodType>**](PaymentMethodType.md)> | Allowed Payment Method Types for a given PaymentIntent | [optional]
**ephemeral_key** | Option<[**crate::models::EphemeralKeyCreateResponse**](EphemeralKeyCreateResponse.md)> |  | [optional]
**manual_retry_allowed** | Option<**bool**> | If true the payment can be retried with same or different payment method which means the confirm call can be made again. | [optional]
**connector_transaction_id** | Option<**String**> | A unique identifier for a payment provided by the connector | [optional]
**metadata** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | You can specify up to 50 keys, with key names up to 40 characters long and values up to 500 characters long. Metadata is useful for storing additional, structured information on an object. | [optional]
**connector_metadata** | Option<[**crate::models::ConnectorMetadata**](ConnectorMetadata.md)> |  | [optional]
**feature_metadata** | Option<[**crate::models::FeatureMetadata**](FeatureMetadata.md)> |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


