# PaymentsCreateResponseOpenApi


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**payment_id** | **str** | Unique identifier for the payment. This ensures idempotency for multiple payments that have been done by a single merchant. | 
**merchant_id** | **str** | This is an identifier for the merchant account. This is inferred from the API key provided during the request | 
**status** | [**IntentStatus**](IntentStatus.md) |  | 
**amount** | **int** | The payment amount. Amount for the payment in lowest denomination of the currency. (i.e) in cents for USD denomination, in paisa for INR denomination etc., | 
**net_amount** | **int** | The payment net amount. net_amount &#x3D; amount + surcharge_details.surcharge_amount + surcharge_details.tax_amount + shipping_cost + order_tax_amount, If no surcharge_details, shipping_cost, order_tax_amount, net_amount &#x3D; amount | 
**shipping_cost** | **int** | The shipping cost for the payment. | [optional] 
**amount_capturable** | **int** | The maximum amount that could be captured from the payment | 
**amount_received** | **int** | The amount which is already captured from the payment, this helps in the cases where merchants can&#39;t capture all capturable amount at once. | [optional] 
**connector** | **str** | The connector used for the payment | [optional] 
**client_secret** | **str** | It&#39;s a token used for client side verification. | [optional] 
**created** | **datetime** | Time when the payment was created | [optional] 
**currency** | [**Currency**](Currency.md) |  | 
**customer_id** | **str** | The identifier for the customer object. If not provided the customer ID will be autogenerated. This field will be deprecated soon. Please refer to &#x60;customer.id&#x60; | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | A description of the payment | [optional] 
**refunds** | [**List[RefundResponse]**](RefundResponse.md) | List of refunds that happened on this intent, as same payment intent can have multiple refund requests depending on the nature of order | [optional] 
**disputes** | [**List[DisputeResponsePaymentsRetrieve]**](DisputeResponsePaymentsRetrieve.md) | List of disputes that happened on this intent | [optional] 
**attempts** | [**List[PaymentAttemptResponse]**](PaymentAttemptResponse.md) | List of attempts that happened on this intent | [optional] 
**captures** | [**List[CaptureResponse]**](CaptureResponse.md) | List of captures done on latest attempt | [optional] 
**mandate_id** | **str** | A unique identifier to link the payment to a mandate, can be used instead of payment_method_data, in case of setting up recurring payments | [optional] 
**mandate_data** | [**MandateData**](MandateData.md) |  | [optional] 
**setup_future_usage** | [**FutureUsage**](FutureUsage.md) |  | [optional] 
**off_session** | **bool** | Set to true to indicate that the customer is not in your checkout flow during this payment, and therefore is unable to authenticate. This parameter is intended for scenarios where you collect card details and charge them later. This parameter can only be used with confirm&#x3D;true. | [optional] 
**capture_method** | [**CaptureMethod**](CaptureMethod.md) |  | [optional] 
**payment_method** | [**PaymentMethod**](PaymentMethod.md) |  | 
**payment_method_data** | [**PaymentMethodDataResponseWithBilling**](PaymentMethodDataResponseWithBilling.md) |  | [optional] 
**payment_token** | **str** | Provide a reference to a stored payment method | [optional] 
**shipping** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**billing** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**order_details** | [**List[OrderDetailsWithAmount]**](OrderDetailsWithAmount.md) | Information about the product , quantity and amount for connectors. (e.g. Klarna) | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | description: The customer&#39;s email address This field will be deprecated soon. Please refer to &#x60;customer.email&#x60; object | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | description: The customer&#39;s name This field will be deprecated soon. Please refer to &#x60;customer.name&#x60; object | [optional] 
**phone** | **str** | The customer&#39;s phone number This field will be deprecated soon. Please refer to &#x60;customer.phone&#x60; object | [optional] 
**return_url** | **str** | The URL to redirect after the completion of the operation | [optional] 
**authentication_type** | [**AuthenticationType**](AuthenticationType.md) |  | [optional] 
**statement_descriptor_name** | **str** | For non-card charges, you can use this value as the complete description that appears on your customers’ statements. Must contain at least one letter, maximum 22 characters. | [optional] 
**statement_descriptor_suffix** | **str** | Provides information about a card payment that customers see on their statements. Concatenated with the prefix (shortened descriptor) or statement descriptor that’s set on the account to form the complete statement descriptor. Maximum 255 characters for the concatenated descriptor. | [optional] 
**next_action** | [**NextActionData**](NextActionData.md) |  | [optional] 
**cancellation_reason** | **str** | If the payment was cancelled the reason will be provided here | [optional] 
**error_code** | **str** | If there was an error while calling the connectors the code is received here | [optional] 
**error_message** | **str** | If there was an error while calling the connector the error message is received here | [optional] 
**payment_experience** | [**PaymentExperience**](PaymentExperience.md) |  | [optional] 
**payment_method_type** | [**PaymentMethodType**](PaymentMethodType.md) |  | [optional] 
**connector_label** | **str** | The connector used for this payment along with the country and business details | [optional] 
**business_country** | [**CountryAlpha2**](CountryAlpha2.md) |  | [optional] 
**business_label** | **str** | The business label of merchant for this payment | [optional] 
**business_sub_label** | **str** | The business_sub_label for this payment | [optional] 
**allowed_payment_method_types** | [**List[PaymentMethodType]**](PaymentMethodType.md) | Allowed Payment Method Types for a given PaymentIntent | [optional] 
**ephemeral_key** | [**EphemeralKeyCreateResponse**](EphemeralKeyCreateResponse.md) |  | [optional] 
**manual_retry_allowed** | **bool** | If true the payment can be retried with same or different payment method which means the confirm call can be made again. | [optional] 
**connector_transaction_id** | **str** | A unique identifier for a payment provided by the connector | [optional] 
**frm_message** | [**FrmMessage**](FrmMessage.md) |  | [optional] 
**metadata** | **object** | You can specify up to 50 keys, with key names up to 40 characters long and values up to 500 characters long. Metadata is useful for storing additional, structured information on an object. | [optional] 
**connector_metadata** | [**ConnectorMetadata**](ConnectorMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**feature_metadata** | [**FeatureMetadata**](FeatureMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 
**reference_id** | **str** | reference(Identifier) to the payment at connector side | [optional] 
**payment_link** | [**PaymentLinkResponse**](PaymentLinkResponse.md) |  | [optional] 
**profile_id** | **str** | The business profile that is associated with this payment | [optional] 
**surcharge_details** | [**RequestSurchargeDetails**](RequestSurchargeDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**attempt_count** | **int** | Total number of attempts associated with this payment | 
**merchant_decision** | **str** | Denotes the action(approve or reject) taken by merchant in case of manual review. Manual review can occur when the transaction is marked as risky by the frm_processor, payment processor or when there is underpayment/over payment incase of crypto payment | [optional] 
**merchant_connector_id** | **str** | Identifier of the connector ( merchant connector account ) which was chosen to make the payment | [optional] 
**incremental_authorization_allowed** | **bool** | If true, incremental authorization can be performed on this payment, in case the funds authorized initially fall short. | [optional] 
**authorization_count** | **int** | Total number of authorizations happened in an incremental_authorization payment | [optional] 
**incremental_authorizations** | [**List[IncrementalAuthorizationResponse]**](IncrementalAuthorizationResponse.md) | List of incremental authorizations happened to the payment | [optional] 
**external_authentication_details** | [**ExternalAuthenticationDetailsResponse**](ExternalAuthenticationDetailsResponse.md) |  | [optional] 
**external_3ds_authentication_attempted** | **bool** | Flag indicating if external 3ds authentication is made or not | [optional] 
**expires_on** | **datetime** | Date Time for expiry of the payment | [optional] 
**fingerprint** | **str** | Payment Fingerprint, to identify a particular card. It is a 20 character long alphanumeric code. | [optional] 
**browser_info** | [**BrowserInformation**](BrowserInformation.md) |  | [optional] 
**payment_method_id** | **str** | Identifier for Payment Method used for the payment | [optional] 
**payment_method_status** | [**PaymentMethodStatus**](PaymentMethodStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**updated** | **datetime** | Date time at which payment was updated | [optional] 
**split_payments** | [**ConnectorChargeResponseData**](ConnectorChargeResponseData.md) |  | [optional] 
**frm_metadata** | **object** | You can specify up to 50 keys, with key names up to 40 characters long and values up to 500 characters long. FRM Metadata is useful for storing additional, structured information on an object related to FRM. | [optional] 
**extended_authorization_applied** | **bool** | flag that indicates if extended authorization is applied on this payment or not | [optional] 
**capture_before** | **datetime** | date and time after which this payment cannot be captured | [optional] 
**merchant_order_reference_id** | **str** | Merchant&#39;s identifier for the payment/invoice. This will be sent to the connector if the connector provides support to accept multiple reference ids. In case the connector supports only one reference id, Hyperswitch&#39;s Payment ID will be sent as reference. | [optional] 
**order_tax_amount** | **int** | This Unit struct represents MinorUnit in which core amount works | [optional] 
**connector_mandate_id** | **str** | Connector Identifier for the payment method | [optional] 
**card_discovery** | [**CardDiscovery**](CardDiscovery.md) |  | [optional] 
**force_3ds_challenge** | **bool** | Indicates if 3ds challenge is forced | [optional] 
**force_3ds_challenge_trigger** | **bool** | Indicates if 3ds challenge is triggered | [optional] 
**issuer_error_code** | **str** | Error code received from the issuer in case of failed payments | [optional] 
**issuer_error_message** | **str** | Error message received from the issuer in case of failed payments | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from hyperswitch.models.payments_create_response_open_api import PaymentsCreateResponseOpenApi

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PaymentsCreateResponseOpenApi from a JSON string
payments_create_response_open_api_instance = PaymentsCreateResponseOpenApi.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(PaymentsCreateResponseOpenApi.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
payments_create_response_open_api_dict = payments_create_response_open_api_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PaymentsCreateResponseOpenApi from a dict
payments_create_response_open_api_from_dict = PaymentsCreateResponseOpenApi.from_dict(payments_create_response_open_api_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


