# PayoutCreateResponse


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**payout_id** | **str** | Unique identifier for the payout. This ensures idempotency for multiple payouts that have been done by a single merchant. This field is auto generated and is returned in the API response. | 
**merchant_id** | **str** | This is an identifier for the merchant account. This is inferred from the API key provided during the request | 
**amount** | **int** | The payout amount. Amount for the payout in lowest denomination of the currency. (i.e) in cents for USD denomination, in paisa for INR denomination etc., | 
**currency** | [**Currency**](Currency.md) |  | 
**connector** | **str** | The connector used for the payout | [optional] 
**payout_type** | [**PayoutType**](PayoutType.md) |  | [optional] 
**payout_method_data** | [**PayoutMethodDataResponse**](PayoutMethodDataResponse.md) |  | [optional] 
**billing** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**auto_fulfill** | **bool** | Set to true to confirm the payout without review, no further action required | [default to False]
**customer_id** | **str** | The identifier for the customer object. If not provided the customer ID will be autogenerated. | 
**customer** | [**CustomerDetailsResponse**](CustomerDetailsResponse.md) |  | [optional] 
**client_secret** | **str** | It&#39;s a token used for client side verification. | 
**return_url** | **str** | The URL to redirect after the completion of the operation | 
**business_country** | [**CountryAlpha2**](CountryAlpha2.md) |  | 
**business_label** | **str** | Business label of the merchant for this payout | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | A description of the payout | [optional] 
**entity_type** | [**PayoutEntityType**](PayoutEntityType.md) |  | 
**recurring** | **bool** | Specifies whether or not the payout request is recurring | [default to False]
**metadata** | **object** | You can specify up to 50 keys, with key names up to 40 characters long and values up to 500 characters long. Metadata is useful for storing additional, structured information on an object. | [optional] 
**merchant_connector_id** | **str** | Unique identifier of the merchant connector account | [optional] 
**status** | [**PayoutStatus**](PayoutStatus.md) |  | 
**error_message** | **str** | If there was an error while calling the connector the error message is received here | [optional] 
**error_code** | **str** | If there was an error while calling the connectors the code is received here | [optional] 
**profile_id** | **str** | The business profile that is associated with this payout | 
**created** | **datetime** | Time when the payout was created | [optional] 
**connector_transaction_id** | **str** | Underlying processor&#39;s payout resource ID | [optional] 
**priority** | [**PayoutSendPriority**](PayoutSendPriority.md) |  | [optional] 
**attempts** | [**List[PayoutAttemptResponse]**](PayoutAttemptResponse.md) | List of attempts | [optional] 
**payout_link** | [**PayoutLinkResponse**](PayoutLinkResponse.md) |  | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | Customer&#39;s email. _Deprecated: Use customer object instead._ | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Customer&#39;s name. _Deprecated: Use customer object instead._ | [optional] 
**phone** | **str** | Customer&#39;s phone. _Deprecated: Use customer object instead._ | [optional] 
**phone_country_code** | **str** | Customer&#39;s phone country code. _Deprecated: Use customer object instead._ | [optional] 
**unified_code** | **str** | (This field is not live yet) Error code unified across the connectors is received here in case of errors while calling the underlying connector | [optional] 
**unified_message** | **str** | (This field is not live yet) Error message unified across the connectors is received here in case of errors while calling the underlying connector | [optional] 
**payout_method_id** | **str** | Identifier for payout method | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from hyperswitch.models.payout_create_response import PayoutCreateResponse

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PayoutCreateResponse from a JSON string
payout_create_response_instance = PayoutCreateResponse.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(PayoutCreateResponse.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
payout_create_response_dict = payout_create_response_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PayoutCreateResponse from a dict
payout_create_response_from_dict = PayoutCreateResponse.from_dict(payout_create_response_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


