# PayoutsCreateRequest


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **int** | The payout amount. Amount for the payout in lowest denomination of the currency. (i.e) in cents for USD denomination, in paisa for INR denomination etc., | 
**currency** | [**Currency**](Currency.md) |  | 
**routing** | [**RoutingAlgorithm**](RoutingAlgorithm.md) |  | [optional] 
**connector** | [**List[PayoutConnectors]**](PayoutConnectors.md) | This field allows the merchant to manually select a connector with which the payout can go through. | [optional] 
**confirm** | **bool** | This field is used when merchant wants to confirm the payout, thus useful for the payout _Confirm_ request. Ideally merchants should _Create_ a payout, _Update_ it (if required), then _Confirm_ it. | [optional] [default to False]
**payout_type** | [**PayoutType**](PayoutType.md) |  | [optional] 
**payout_method_data** | [**PayoutMethodData**](PayoutMethodData.md) |  | [optional] 
**billing** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**auto_fulfill** | **bool** | Set to true to confirm the payout without review, no further action required | [optional] [default to False]
**customer_id** | **str** | The identifier for the customer object. If not provided the customer ID will be autogenerated. _Deprecated: Use customer_id instead._ | [optional] 
**customer** | [**CustomerDetails**](CustomerDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**return_url** | **str** | The URL to redirect after the completion of the operation | [optional] 
**business_country** | [**CountryAlpha2**](CountryAlpha2.md) |  | [optional] 
**business_label** | **str** | Business label of the merchant for this payout. _Deprecated: Use profile_id instead._ | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | A description of the payout | [optional] 
**entity_type** | [**PayoutEntityType**](PayoutEntityType.md) |  | [optional] 
**recurring** | **bool** | Specifies whether or not the payout request is recurring | [optional] [default to False]
**metadata** | **object** | You can specify up to 50 keys, with key names up to 40 characters long and values up to 500 characters long. Metadata is useful for storing additional, structured information on an object. | [optional] 
**payout_token** | **str** | Provide a reference to a stored payout method, used to process the payout. | [optional] 
**profile_id** | **str** | The business profile to use for this payout, especially if there are multiple business profiles associated with the account, otherwise default business profile associated with the merchant account will be used. | [optional] 
**priority** | [**PayoutSendPriority**](PayoutSendPriority.md) |  | [optional] 
**payout_link** | **bool** | Whether to get the payout link (if applicable). Merchant need to specify this during the Payout _Create_, this field can not be updated during Payout _Update_. | [optional] [default to False]
**payout_link_config** | [**PayoutCreatePayoutLinkConfig**](PayoutCreatePayoutLinkConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**session_expiry** | **int** | Will be used to expire client secret after certain amount of time to be supplied in seconds (900) for 15 mins | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | Customer&#39;s email. _Deprecated: Use customer object instead._ | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Customer&#39;s name. _Deprecated: Use customer object instead._ | [optional] 
**phone** | **str** | Customer&#39;s phone. _Deprecated: Use customer object instead._ | [optional] 
**phone_country_code** | **str** | Customer&#39;s phone country code. _Deprecated: Use customer object instead._ | [optional] 
**payout_method_id** | **str** | Identifier for payout method | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from hyperswitch.models.payouts_create_request import PayoutsCreateRequest

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PayoutsCreateRequest from a JSON string
payouts_create_request_instance = PayoutsCreateRequest.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(PayoutsCreateRequest.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
payouts_create_request_dict = payouts_create_request_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PayoutsCreateRequest from a dict
payouts_create_request_from_dict = PayoutsCreateRequest.from_dict(payouts_create_request_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


